AJIN: DEMI-HUMAN
♪ Do you sleep well? ♪
♪ Did your wounds heal? ♪
♪ Just cos' they say
The night is lonely ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To love someone ♪
♪ They say I'm dreaming ♪
♪ They say I'm sobbing ♪
♪ They say I tried to die
Without knowing ♪
♪ Did you manage
To hide? ♪
♪ Did you hold
Your breath? ♪
♪ Just cos' they say it's tough now ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To change ♪
♪ Even a brave savage ♪
♪ Even a troubled lamb ♪
♪ They are just wandering through life ♪
♪ So I don't stand out ♪
♪ So I can put up with it ♪
♪ So my train of thought won't stop yet ♪
♪ Tonight run away, run a way
It's unbelievable ♪
♪ Someone take my hand ♪
♪ The tomorrow we can't see
Doesn't have to come ♪
♪ Now I just want to sleep ♪
BUT WHEN IT COMES DOWN TO IT,
YOU STILL WANT THEM TO HELP YOU...
YOU'RE THE WORST KIND OF TRASH...
[cop 1]
Let's go.
Go around to the back.
Don't let them get away.
[cop 2]
Make a sweep inside the shrine, too.
[cop 3] You two, go that way.
Check the trees, too.
And Kei Nagai?
Where is he?
Mr. Araki, over here!
[Araki] Huh? What is it?
[flies buzzing]
[Araki sighs]
Unbelievable.
-Did Nagai do this?
-[Tosaki] No, he didn't.
[gasps]
Uh... Tosaki.
It would seem to be the work of the man
who contacted Kei Nagai.
Uh...
They could still be hiding somewhere.
-Conduct a search in the shrine.
-[cop] Yes, sir.
Don't bother.
If they were still here,
you would not have escaped untouched.
[Araki] Wha--?
[cell phone ringing]
It's Tosaki.
We've just lost track of Kei Nagai.
He should be with the Hat right now.
We'll go after them.
[secretary] That won't be needed.
Kei Nagai is already being transported.
Approximately 30 minutes ago,
he was found collapsed in front
of a fire station in Yamagata.
You'll be filled in at the lab.
Wha--? What did you say?
[minister]
So, apparently Kei Nagai is a variant.
Just like Shinya Nakamura.
According to the report, that's right.
He'll be a valuable sample.
Take good care of him.
I understand.
I don't get it.
Did the man in the Hat betray him?
Sorry about that.
No, no. It made it much more realistic.
I'm still really bad
when it comes to aiming.
It's just...
If we actually wanted
to bring him over to our side,
couldn't we have simply beaten him up
and made him listen to us?
Eh...
All that would've accomplished
is getting him to hate us.
Well, I suppose, but...
You should know better than anyone...
exactly what goes on in that place.
[grumbles]
[Sato chuckles]
Hatred of humans, revenge...
In order to teach him all of those things,
we turned him over to the humans.
[Kei groaning]
Where am I?
What happened?
Where's Mr. Sato?
What's this?
A blindfold?
[grunting]
I...
I've been caught?
[beeping]
[Nomura] The subject's DNA...
is a match for that found at the site
of the truck accident.
He's definitely an Ajin.
[Kondo] Heart rate
and body temperature are normal.
[Tahara]
Then let's begin.
[Kei whimpering]
[whirring]
[bones cracking]
[muffled screams]
-[Nomura] Forceps.
-[Kondo] Here.
[Nomura] Stopping blood flow
of the brachial artery.
Send this to Iwasaki.
Apparently it's to compare with the arm
from before regeneration.
[whimpering]
[Nomura] This time,
we'll be watching brain activity as we go.
We can estimate how many times he has died
by his reaction to the pain.
Let's do one at a time.
[flesh tearing]
[Kondo]
Those are big waves.
Apparently, he hasn't died much yet...
just a few times.
[Nomura] Okay, let's put him
through some more pain.
[Kei grunting and whimpering]
[thudding, then grunting]
[Tosaki]
Hmm.
[Kondo]
Hmm? What's that?
[Nomura]
Uh...
[Wakai] What is it?
[Nomura] Have those scratches
on the glass always been there?
[Wakai] Yes, they've always been there.
-Why?
-[Nomura] I see. Sorry.
[Wakai] Continue.
[Futoi] Amazing,
to scratch glass this thick.
So, this is the power of a variant.
Can you see it?
Yes.
It's right there.
Was that made
by ultrasonic waves or something?
[Wakai] Not likely.
When Tanaka was taken,
there were marks like footprints
left at the attack site.
Ha! So, you're saying there are ghosts
with feet?
Inflict some more pain and let's observe.
[Kei grunting]
Why doesn't Nagai attack the researchers?
It's possible that he's not aware
of his own power.
The link between he
and the black ghost may be unstable.
Explain that.
It's like... making a phone call
in an area with poor reception.
So, then,
-it's possible he could attack at some--
-And now?
Huh?
What is it doing now?
Uh, now... it's...
It's looking at...
At you.
Hmm.
You insolent little...
Do you realize how you all have destroyed
my life plans?
Watch closely, Shimomura.
The only reason you're on this side
of the glass
is because I'm protecting you
behind the scenes.
Just do your work.
Or else you will...
end up like that.
[Izumi whimpering]
[Futoi]
His reactions are growing sluggish.
[Wakai]
Time to reset him.
Okay, kill him for now and take a break.
[Kondo] Whew.
-Okay, break time.
-[Nomura] We made a lot of progress.
[Kei] It's too awful.
Why is this...
happening to me?
[Kondo]
All right, I'll leave the rest to you.
[Nomura] Fine.
[Kei] All I wanted...
was to be...
an upstanding person.
This is...
just too horrible.
What's wrong?
I thought that you said
that you didn't wanna become
someone like me?
[gasps]
[Tanaka chuckles]
[Tanaka] Really?
Who are you to look at me like that?
[Kei]
There are horrible humans out there.
But like you, Mr. Sato,
I don't see humans as enemies.
[Tanaka]
Pretending to be the voice of justice.
Do you finally get it now?
You knew nothing of hell.
You were just trying to look cool,
weren't you?
[gasping]
[Tanaka] You look down on others,
but when you get right to it,
you still want them to help you.
You're the worst kind of trash.
That's right.
Kill.
Release your true self!
[Nomura gasps] Hmm?
Was that wind?
Why did you stop?
Kai's not coming to help you anymore!
And Sato might have been captured!
[Kei] If I did that...
Kai might hate me.
I think...
Kai's the only one I can't betray.
[Tanaka] Even though
all this is happening to you?
Killing just one person wouldn't count
as a betrayal!
[Kei] No...
[chuckles]
If you kill someone,
you could never go back
to living a normal life.
That's what you're afraid of.
[Kei] No!
Ha!
-Hit the nail on the head.
-No!
Kai...
Kai risked his life.
He did it for me.
And he only has one life.
But I'm not...
Not even able to risk my life.
So...
So, if I don't risk
everything else I have,
it just won't be enough!
[knife clangs]
[gasps]
[beeping]
[Nomura] Okay, time for round two.
[Kei whimpering]
[Tahara] Our orders from above are
to cause as much pain as possible.
[whirring]
Okay, let's start with the teeth
this time.
[whimpering]
[drill whirring and Kei screaming]
[Nekozawa] Here's what you asked for.
Sorry to make you come up
with all these supplies, Mr. Nekozawa.
Not at all.
I'm glad to help a valued client.
Well, in that case,
our goods are in here.
I look forward to working with you again.
And you as well.
[door opens, then closes]
Hey, Mr. Nekozawa.
Don't you think
that you should check inside first?
Why? I trust him.
You trust him, really?
Ten livers, ten kidneys
and even some hearts.
Are you sure they're really in there?
Yeah. They're definitely in there.
Where would he get them all?
Who knows?
However, the man always delivers.
Even if it kills him.
-[cameraman] Okay, we're rolling.
-[man 1] Here he comes!
-[man 2] Here we go.
-[cameraman] There.
[man 3] Roll cameras.
Breaking news.
Dr. Ikuya Ogura has just arrived.
It's his second trip to Japan
for an inspection,
along with the time when the country's
second Ajin, Tanaka, was caught.
Ever since going to the U.S. in 1999,
biophysicist Dr. Ogura has been known
as an authority on Ajin research.
[chattering]
[Sato] Unfortunate weather.
They're harder to control in the rain.
Tanaka, get to work on plan C.
Abducting some doctor called Ogura, right?
And I will take plan B,
which is to rescue Kei Nagai.
All right then,
how shall we storm the castle?
The answer is simple.
We attack the enemy with more firepower
than they're expecting.
Then using everything we've got,
we roll right over them.
Countries over the world are competing
with their research on Ajins,
but Japan and the U.S.
have a cooperative research agreement,
and Dr. Ogura's visit to Japan
has been reported as a part of that.
I see that a VIP has arrived.
Hmph. He's just an idiot.
That's quite a thing to say.
This thing with Japan and the U.S.
is nothing more than a front.
In truth, we're being forced
into providing them with information.
-Oh, really?
-In fact,
the first Ajin in this country was stolen
by the Americans.
So, it's no wonder
the researchers might--
[explosion, rumbling, then all gasping]
What was that? An earthquake?
[Kouma] No, an explosion.
[guard] This is the security office!
There's an intruder!
The man in the hat has gotten inside!
Did he come to rescue Nagai?
After leaving him behind?
-We're gonna counterattack!
-Wait, don't kill him! He's an Ajin!
[gunshot, then guard grunts]
[all gasp]
Are you there watching, Tosaki?
[grumbles]
The actual reason I'm here--
You don't understand yet.
But...
This evening, the Ajin situation
in Japan will change dramatically.
CALL DISCONNECTED
[Tosaki gasps]
What are you going to do, Tosaki?
Nagai hasn't shown variant power
since the first experiments.
[Futoi]
If Nagai is taken, our research will be--
We've reinforced our security.
If just a single tranquilizer dart
hits its mark,
there may be collateral damage,
but we assuredly will win.
[Kouma] Hmm.
I grant you the effectiveness
of the tranquilizers.
But why don't you just kill him?
If things go wrong,
-we could all be in danger!
-Remember the incident
with Shinya Nakamura?
If we carelessly kill an Ajin,
another tragedy could occur.
Therefore, killing them...
it's a worst-case scenario.
[man 1]
Move, move!
-[man 2] Hurry!
-[man 3] Cover the side!
[man 4] Fire them one at a time!
Don't fire all at once!
If he's hit with too many tranquilizers,
he could die of shock.
[man 5]
Make sure the safety's off! Stay alert.
[gunshot, then man grunts]
[man 1] He's coming!
Let's do this.
[man yells indistinctly]
[man] Careful.
[all grunting and screaming]
[grunts]
I didn't even have to use it.
Now then, Nagai...
I've come to see you.
[all gasp]
[Kouma grunts]
Close all the security doors!
Do you intend to let him get in here?
Just who is that Ajin?
I only know one thing:
he stole Tanaka earlier,
and now, he is attempting
to steal Kei Nagai as well.
Damn it!
[Kishi]
From what we can see on the screen,
he doesn't seem to be using
his variant power.
[Wakai] Why didn't he use it?
When he came for Tanaka,
it caused a great deal of casualties.
Perhaps he actually did use it,
but we just didn't see it.
[Ogura] Of course you wouldn't see it.
Humans aren't capable of seeing it.
[Tanaka] Huh?
[scoffs]
He got away.
Man, why all the commotion?
Even though the great Ikuya Ogura is here.
I'm sorry, it's an emergency.
You can't smoke in here.
[Kouma] Dr. Ogura,
you just said that humans
can't see the variant power, right?
-What does that mean?
-Well, just that.
You were talking about IBMs,
isn't that right?
[Kishi] IBM?
[Wakai] That's what they call
the variant power in the U.S.
-It stands for--
-[Ogura] Invisible Black Matter.
IBMs can't be seen by humans,
but they're shaped like us.
They are the coolest guys there are.
Completely ridiculous.
So, this variant power...
-is like a ghost or something?
-Colonel...
-You're basically an idiot, aren't you?
-What?
IBMs aren't psychic powers or ghosts
or anything,
they're solid matter.
Matter?
Well, then, Nagai...
How have you been handling things?
Tanaka, do you understand?
I'm here to rescue you.
[Tanaka whimpering]
Right. That's good.
Nagai, do you understand?
I'm here to rescue you.
How long...
have I been here?
Well, let's see...
Over ten days, I believe.
Only ten days?
It seems like more.
[Kei whimpering, then sobbing]
Mr. Sato...
I'm sorry to have caused such trouble.
[Sato] Well, this was...
a failure.
TO BE CONTINUED
♪ If my wish would come true ♪
♪ Once again ♪
♪ I wanna touch your heart ♪
♪ No matter how dark it gets ♪
♪ I'll be searching ♪
♪ For my one ♪
♪ And only light ♪
♪ As I look up to the stars ♪
♪ Even though you are far ♪
♪ You're looking up
At the same starry sky ♪
♪ In the sky of my heart ♪
♪ It's about to spill over ♪
♪ Your smile and ♪
♪ Your warmth ♪
♪ Hear me ♪
♪ Until I went away and ♪
♪ Faced the lonely days ♪
♪ I thought I could understand ♪
♪ What it means to love ♪
♪ Feeling everything that ♪
♪ Was right in front of me ♪
♪ Losing something precious ♪
♪ Realizing real love ♪
♪ I'll tell you now ♪
♪ Just how close you are ♪